https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sobhanmoosavi/us-accidents/data


About Dataset
Description
This is a countrywide car accident dataset that covers 49 states of the USA. The accident data were collected from February 2016 to March 2023, using multiple APIs that provide streaming traffic incident (or event) data. These APIs broadcast traffic data captured by various entities, including the US and state departments of transportation, law enforcement agencies, traffic cameras, and traffic sensors within the road networks. The dataset currently contains approximately 7.7 million accident records. For more information about this dataset, please visit here.

Acknowledgements
If you use this dataset, please kindly cite the following papers:

Moosavi, Sobhan, Mohammad Hossein Samavatian, Srinivasan Parthasarathy, and Rajiv Ramnath. “A Countrywide Traffic Accident Dataset.”, 2019.

Moosavi, Sobhan, Mohammad Hossein Samavatian, Srinivasan Parthasarathy, Radu Teodorescu, and Rajiv Ramnath. "Accident Risk Prediction based on Heterogeneous Sparse Data: New Dataset and Insights." In proceedings of the 27th ACM SIGSPATIAL International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems, ACM, 2019.

Content
This dataset was collected in real-time using multiple Traffic APIs. It contains accident data collected from February 2016 to March 2023 for the Contiguous United States. For more details about this dataset, please visit [here].

Inspiration
The US-Accidents dataset can be used for numerous applications, such as real-time car accident prediction, studying car accident hotspot locations, casualty analysis, extracting cause and effect rules to predict car accidents, and studying the impact of precipitation or other environmental stimuli on accident occurrence. The most recent release of the dataset can also be useful for studying the impact of COVID-19 on traffic behavior and accidents.

Sampled Data (New!)
For those requiring a smaller, more manageable dataset, a sampled version is available which includes 500,000 accidents. This sample is extracted from the original dataset for easier handling and analysis.

Other Details
Please note that the dataset may be missing data for certain days, which could be due to network connectivity issues during data collection. Regrettably, the dataset will no longer be updated, and this version should be considered the latest.